Hi
there,
I'm
Steve, I'm
a
tech
content
creator
and
software
engineer
based
out
here
in
Worcester,
Massachusetts.
And I'm
the
best
candidate
for
this
contract
because
I've
genuinely
brought
in
over
750,000
views
across
multiple
tech
companies,
whether
those
are
app
builders,
AI
tools
or
even
physical
products.
Even
tutorials,
yes,
if
you
need
it,
I
got
it.
And you
can
probably
see
that
I've
decked out
this
whole
entire
space
for
content
creation.
Even
got
the
fancy
softbox
with
a
C-stand
or
if
you
need
some
heavy
duty
work,
I
got
you.
And
of
course
All of
this
is
not
without
the help
of
my
dear
manager
right
here,
her
name
is
Patches
you wanna say
hi?
Okay,
she's
not
in
the
mood.
Either way.
All of my
work
is
produced
on
time,
I'm
a
team
player
and
if you
need
anything
fixed
on
the
video,
I
got
you.
All
of
this is
just
to
show you a
little
bit
of
my
personality
and
my
work
ethic
and
just
to
show
you
that
I
can
actually
get
things
done.
And if
you
feel
like
we're a good
match,
let's get
it
done.
I'm
Steve,
I'll see
you
soon.
bye :)